It turns out that the other day we were
watching Antonio David,
Antonio David's lawyer, in his live broadcast, dedicated
a few words to me thanking me for the last
video that I uploaded to the main Channel, which
was a very good video about the
criminal proceedings that just took place.
Okay, well, this lady is
crazy, I don't know what obsession she has
with me, it seems that she has had some kind
of relationship with me. I don't know why
her Twitter is dedicated to me every day
and to hating me, of course, since she is a
superfan of Antonio David, in fact, she has even
said that if I collaborate with
Antonio David, she will leave the tide, I mean,
trust him, his main one. Look at the
translation they made for
Antonio David's lawyer to thank me.
The translation is that
Antonio David's lawyer did not give me the grace that
what he gave me was a sasca about the
publication and dissemination of sentences is
criminal. Okay, I'll give you the click of the
lawyer Antonio vi And you tell me if I
was having a sasca, reflection,
picking
oranges and and of loneliness and reflection eh
picking oranges and and and and and I have heard I  I've
heard different programs from YouTubers
on the subject. I thought they were wonderful
and from here I congratulate both
Alberto Mench's and Javi Oliveira's and I'm
sorry it came to this because today
in Javi Oliveira's he believed that
the crime of revealing secrets
would be complicated obviously every
crime and every trial is
complicated but really don't
forget that the revelation of secrets is not
only committed by the person who reveals
the secret at first but also by the person who
publishes it is also constitutive of
revelation of secrets and this is how
the Supreme Court has ruled and in
these cases okay Sorry that we are not
listening that with all the grapefruit what
the lady translates from there okay is that I
was having a jasca to defend
Tania to defend Tania because as
we have been commenting that
Tania has a husband who just got out
of jail or who has been in
jail for a few years for abusing
a girl because she is a 10
year old girl Okay and from 11 12 13 and up to 14
okay Well then the lady is
crazy because she is very evil  ok lady
this is the devil session Ada with me of of that
the man of that Ivan
Hernandez very good lawyer a machine
okay thank me for the video congratulate me
for the video Well how is it that she is not capable of
assuming that people have
good words for me and less someone that she is
supposed to be F and I say It is supposed
because then she starts being friends with the
mother of the miad okay I mean and sasca and
sasca about the publication and diffusion of
sentences is criminal and the sasca Pilar
is here with us did the sasa come
today or hasn't come today yet but
look at the rancid the bad no the the the the the lo
put [ __ ] wherever you
know they are no and and of course be careful the
hottie I find that Yan Planas
yesterday while I was enjoying the
live of Laser Len who according to Joan
Planas doesn't shower okay I'm not saying this this is what
Joan Planas says Joan Planas
says that Laser Len that he doesn't know what
Labón is this comes out in the game over to
Joan Plana in case you want it Search okay
search for it what he says okay But oh well
now they are friends Now they are friends and
colleagues and they enjoy each other's content no
While Joan Plana was
Enjoying a live Laser Len
has commented that Javi Oliveira Had a
lawsuit from him in case you didn't know and he says
that Javi Oliveira does not use his head not
like Laser Len and ra that they use in the
head level the level of these people is e
defending a Laser Len and defending a
ret based eh I also tell you Listen to
this Look at this eh Look February 25 at
4:39 the tweet I had posted at
4:05 But anyway today Joan Planas today
Joan Planas has posted a tweet Now
hitting the nail on the head and highlighting the
key fact that no one had commented on about the
controversy with Francua okay the fault is
Javi Oliveira's you know that he is convicted
by the way you know that he was sentenced to 0
euros I don't know how many years ago you knew
Okay so all this has been for
hanging out with harassers and he shares a
tweet from Wilson where he talks about me about
Dallas about Pablo Franco and so on it was
Clear that it was the fault of  Javi beira They don't
support Fran that's why I promise you I did
n't see this coming Eh This I promise you I did
n't see this coming this is heavy eh
ra a kiss georgio How are you wizard He
banned me Well don't worry I'm
going to block him from the [ __ ] WhatsApp that I
don't See the [ __ ] pain in the ass that is made
This one I really didn't see coming eh eh ra
demanding transparency from Fran she's in a
conversation with javiel pelucas with
her
followers' money what do you think don't you think it's
fabulous RAE asking for
transparency demanding demanding
demanding transparency in what
Franco does nobody's money ra raed the one with
the Coin meme Yes yes yes chill this scares
the fear Ray biruti doesn't shut up and This
time he really does talk about Dallas in a
live with mexi vergas brother I mean Look
look at what they are capable of
inventing this is the first time we've ever
talked we've never
talked and on a call or anything or whatever This
is the first time he just added me on
discord and this  people make up that
we're best friends And all that
But you know what At the end of the day
they're scared and they're scared that
the people who expose them will get together
they want this Of course the stupidity
yes the stupidity if they want to get together
six [ __ ] to talk and say a
lot of [ __ ] I'm afraid that you all get together
because I'm scared and
Dallas is probably even more scared let's
see let's see when you're going to find out that
if you haven't been able to take one if you
haven't been able to take the other if you haven't been
able to take the other each one
separately one fool plus one fool is
two fools together two fools plus another
fool three fools okay you can come up here
whenever you want some of that
space [ __ ] or here on a video call with me one
on one like that one on one whenever you want
nonsense from everyone and say
Hey dude, he's just like Dallas, I
mean this guy wants you to be just like
Delos well and in other things no because
Delos is not at least Delos is not
aggressive I understand I have  to clarify that
delos has asked for forgiveness according to what they have
told me okay I have not seen the click but
apparently he has asked for forgiveness and has clarified
that he has not threatened me okay So
well I clarify okay thing that he would not
do But well but this is
objectively violent that I allow him to say
that I am the same as Dallas In what am I
like Dallas I do not have a channel
slandering anyone I have never in my life
had problems with jeevas under
13 years old
How the hell am I like Dallas In
what in that when they mess with me I
explode Ah well but it is
anyone any person who is being
slandered and defamed explodes
But how am I like By the way
guys today I have not set an objective but
come on not super chat or Super
chat objective or member objective or anything you
are putting it out there a lot 5
and a half hours of live 5 and a half hours of
live I still have a few
things left for B well it will depend it will
depend on those members not that they
fall no at least not us adas says
that having threesomes with  everyone I
have a monogamous relationship with my
girlfriend who I'm going to marry is with
Why do you want to put me on the same
level as Dallas is that I don't I don't
understand it's that the fools are
pambitos Although they want to
sell themselves as lukewarm or mercenaries we have already
seen clips of them this ones that you
passed me of gibel you don't even give a damn
no people no What do you mean by saying
I support Dallas super nervous
reacting to a video of Dallas superl
ito that isn't even on YouTube
where he says he wants to unload on all
his haters and and he is this
sweating gel from emotion like this my
idol can't be my idol how he is
threatening people my idol no I mean
gel is a panitos that by the way they
sent me that mga is making fun
of me now because I don't know how to open Javi tell me
five youtubers of criticism that
come in your
mouth br I'm coming in everyone's thing
I in everyone's where the [ __ ] AB a
space my god tonight crossover with
Mr. Jing continuing with  continuing
with everyone against Fran okay continuing
with everyone against Fran Loli Huertas has not
hesitated to take a stand and give her
opinion on the subject and she has also
made everything very clear J now where will you
tell it in the salia is to be
pending J now where will you tell it in the
salera is to be
pending everyone who turned out for
them
and all that one that is all those who have been
going all those big YouTube
that have collected an outrageous amount of
money for the Spa as if it was his they were
going to take it away from them and then it
turns out that it was neither his nor Yui's nor
anyone's Of course you can see them [ __ ] Frae
keeping the Spa whatever
the Spa in the end was not Yuji's
nor was it anyone's eh the [ __ ] Spa girls
and more lies after
whitewashing the animals of Dallas review
But what did it have to do with giving now Frank
Cuesta recognizes that he is a mythomaniac like
him I'm not even surprised anymore Enough of turning
a blind eye to Frank It is evident that
this man has long since
stopped caring about the  animals if they
ever mattered to him no this is
saying that to a guy who rescued
hundreds of animals it's a triple it's a
triple this is this thing about delox is the
real one already my son it's the real one already my son already
my son already and he only uses them
to make money the real one already my
son This is lies and more lies
after whitewashing the Dallas animals
review But what did d have to do with it
answer what we all wonder
Why defi Dallas animals what does that have to
do with this friend what the
[ __ ] So Franco is and I just stepped on
an otter I killed it and I
[ __ ] a goat Ah very well and you're
still talking to delox Ah very well and you're
still talking to Dallas Alo that has to do with
it friend Dallas just used a
but the pri stole delos he's literally an
idiot we don't agree on that he didn't just
use the but the pri stole more
to me about deleting videos with crypto
Spain and Deleting your entire channel because
supposedly you didn't like the
thumbnails I also find it curious
delox that message was strong brother
that message was hard  Why do you lie
systematically time puts
everyone in their place I'm not going to
criticize delos and I'm going to
explain why No matter how much he lied to me
with the I'm not going to criticize him because he's a
fan of shutu among fans of shutu kaisen we can't
criticize I'm not going to criticize him it seems
fair to me you whitewash both of them I whitewash them
both gel What happened with delo and crpto
Spain I don't know what happened with Frank cuesta and
the sab I don't
know nuclear whitewashed I was going to have a
beer with you but it's not compatible either you
whitewash or you don't
whitewash guys I'm off okay yeah eh
I'm off now yeah yeah Thank you so much
to all of you who have been here
for so long the truth is that
Javi delos has uploaded the
videos no no yes the 13 videos are here the
last 13 videos since they are
also defending him not half
defending him no but now they are
different than before one two
wait 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 they are still
13 they continue  being 13 what I don't know if they are
different from before has uploaded
others now Ah okay here I had been
caught where can I have it
here 13 this afternoon there were 13 too but they are
different today we can't complain
grandpa I can complain [ __ ] Let's
see it's not that they are different it's that
before here this afternoon when it said 13 it did
say 13 but it didn't show you all you can
see it it would be because of the phone I imagine it
would be because of the phone that not all of them appear on the mobile I
imagine guys Well in
fact I'm not going to sleep yet In
fact I have to record the video of the
main one so I'm going to the I'm going to the
spa to the spa I'm going handsome
tomorrow we'll see if I come eh or not eh
tomorrow we'll see if I come eh
rest